# Minutes of Meeting 4

The opening meeting on 2019-03-04, 15:03.

Martijn chairs this meeting, Alp takes minutes.

## Opening

Everyone is present.

## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
The minutes are not approved by the team, Martijn notes that this should be done in the future as a point of improvement.

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?
Andreas: Working on the GUI. Working on the wireframe; since the coding stage did not start he notes he did not encounter any real issues.
Alp: Working on research for testing, reading on mock testing and integration testing, trying to figure out which to use where, and how. Helped during the week with the formulation of the database model. Had some health problems that set back the research.
Jordy: Missed the unofficial server team meeting, has been working to understand how to implement testing on Spring.
Omar: Worked on client design with Andreas, has shifted his focus to client code. Other courses got in the way, but the point was to get them out of the way for the following weeks where client code will actually be written. Just will help with catching up about and writing client side code.
Sung: Helped design the database schema. Watched tutorials to link HTTP requests to the database (using DAO). It is still on a separate branch. Martijn notes parts of the branch could be cherry-picked because the branch is old. Martijn suggests Sung move to a more recent branch where the dependencies are up-to-date. Sung agrees.
Martijn: Read up on MariaDB and SQL and Java. Wrote sample code to create the schema and initializing the DB. Had issues with crashing tests, but they seem to be fixed. Wrote a proposal for the structure of the API, which Just notes he has one of too. Agenda template
Just: Working on Continious Integration pipeline. Now it works on the master branch. Has been working on the specs of the REST API.

## Discussion
- RESTful API or an easier API based on GET requests with the information in parameters
in the URL
    - Basically, are we going to merge the `doc/api-spec` or `doc/api-rest-spec` branch?
        - Authentication and method of communication are to be discussed; Martijn and Just ask the TA. The TA advises we try to stick to basic HTTP, but that if there is a benefit to using a RESTful API, we can and that it is a design choice. The group agrees that using RESTful API is a good design decision.

- Testing the server?
    - Alp is currently working on testing, and since there isn't any working code, this point of action is postponed.

- Are we on schedule in our sprint?
    - Martijn notes that there was no explicit Sprint plan pushed to Git last week. The TA says that only the sprint reviews need to be uploaded, and the sprint plan template on Git is faulty. We will add a review file where everyone can write their reflection on the week.

- Martijn concludes that the team has made many starts in the past week, but the lack of functioning code means that we are behind on our Sprint goals.
    - Just suggests that some of the points of action can be done in the lab as of the date of this meeting.


## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action
* The API needs to be finished. It is started but that is not enough; we should have code.
* The DB scheme has to be finalized.
* The GUI design work will be done mainly by Andreas.
* Jordy is moved to work on testing; research and implementation.
* The GUI implementation is created as an issue, it is assigned as of now to Just and Omar.
* Specifying the API is assigned to Martijn and Just.
* The Continious Integration pipeline issue is closed.
* Sung will work to on server side implementation of activities. The issue Implement/activity/API endpoint is now assigned to Sung and Martijn, Alp is removed as an asignee.


## Any other business
No one has additional business or points to add.

## Question round
No additional questions.

## Closing
Just will be the chair next meeting and is responsible for the agenda, Jordy will take minutes.
