# Meeting #6

## Opening
Alp is chair and Sung is taking minutes.
## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?

- Andreas:
- Alp:
- Jordy:
- Omar:
- Sung:
- Martijn:
- Just:

## Points to be discussed
- Reflection on last week's points of action; anything to add or comment on?
- Were the changes to the scrum backlog satisfactory? Is any further action needed on top of last week's?
- (Client) testing
- Activity score calculation methods (?)
- How is progress towards the next deadline?
- Pull based development progress; branch review, branch creation...


## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
*Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?*

