# Minutes of meeting 2
The opening meeting on 2019-02-18.

 Omar is the chair, Just takes minutes.



## Opening

Everyone except for Jordy is present.
Alp spoke to Jordy and asked about his absence last week.
Jordy said this was a one time occassion and he is willing to work on the project.
We agree on treating free beer in case of being late so Jordy is treating next time.

Today the meeting will be on the general application architecture as a preparation for
our work session on upcoming wednesday in which we will dive into the specifics of libraries in order to create a more detailed design.

## Discussion
How are we going to manage storage?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Agree on using a db system instead of file system etc.

How are we going to divide the load across the client and server?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Agree on keeping as much as possible in terms of decision making on the server.

Last meeting we spoke about MVC and Modularity. What was meant with that?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Clearified by Martijn.

Discussion on API usage:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - JSON over HTTP is a requirement. What about HTTPS?  How feasible is it to use SSL for client/server communication? How difficult is it to implement HTTPS in a later stage? Martijn will look into that for next meeting.

What about UI?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Omar, Andreas and Just looked into UI development.  We all agree on using JavaFX because it gives a more modern and appealing look to the application.

Looking forward to the planned meeting on wednesday:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Some separation of client and server development needs to be established such that we can start developing them at the same time.  As for now we will split the group into 2 halves meaning that 3 people (Alp, Sung, Martijn) will start looking into server side development while the other 3 people( Andreas, Omar, Just) will start looking into client side development. We will evaluate whether this works well next week and maybe adjust our strategy accordingly.

Discussion on writing a specification for our server API:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - By next week we will deliver a client to server API specification and 
a basic client/server application that implements this specification. Wednesday we will have a meeting in which we will primarily focus on a more detailed design for the client and server.




## Points of action
-  Martijn looks into HTTPS for Wednesday.
-  Study Java Spring Boot and what is meant with REST API's.
-  Study different ways of making a Java server (Tomcat/,Jetty etc.) 
-  Look into UI design tooling and wireframing for the client. 
-  Look into libraries for consuming a REST API. Does this also work with Spring or are there better ways of doing this on the client.

Having done all of these we will be ready to work on a more detailed design wednesday and finalize the specification of the server API. 

## Advise of TA
Look into REST API, Spring/Boot 

## Questions
When are we supposed to start setting up a sprint as we only get the lecture about scrum next friday?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Next meeting(25-2-2019) we will make a sprint planning making week 25-2/04-3 our first official sprint. 

## Closing
Next week Sung is chair.  Andreas will take minutes.  We will give a demo to the TA and make a plan for the first sprint. Also the specifications of the server API will be finished by then and we will review how splitting client and server side development is working out.
