# Meeting 4, 4th of March 2019
Martijn chairs this meeting, Alp takes minutes.

## Opening

## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?
Andreas:
Alp:
Jordy:
Omar:
Sung:
Martijn:
Just:

## Points to be discussed
- RESTful API or an easier API based on GET requests with the information in parameters
in the URL
    - Basically, are we going to merge the `doc/api-spec` or `doc/api-rest-spec` branch?

- Testing the server?

- Are we on schedule in our sprint?

## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
*Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?*
