# Meeting

## Opening
Just is chairman and Jordy will be taking minutes.
Meeting is opened. Everbody from the group is present. Mees is not present.

## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
Everybody mostly agrees with the minutes of last week only that it wasn't made clear that no sprint plans needed to be uploaded. Only sprint reviews.

## Approval of the agenda
Everybody agrees with the agenda.

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?
Andreas: Has been working on javaFx MR. Found library Jfoenix to make everything cleaner. Has been working on the login and dashboard screen.

Alp: published mock test documentation, might add to that later about mock environments which he'll look into this week.
Has also started looking into serverside authentication. Then went back to testing and writing unit tests for the serverside which he's made a lot of progress one.
Andreas asked about mock testing which he is not yet done with because he encountered problems with MVC and spring beans.

Jordy: Has been looking into spring beans to see how we needed to use them and if they could cause problems. Then went to to testing on client side but was having trouble with it.
After that he looked into spring beans again when Alp said he was having problems with it.
The group states that Jordy isn't clear enough with what he is working on and if he is having problems with something which he understands and agress with.

Omar: Switched from design to client code. Was able to implement the controller and model for activities. Just tested them so Omar is now able to keep up with the client code.

Sung: Used his previous branch to work on the activity API and modified it according to the doc API. It's structured in multiple layers. First is the database,
above that is DAO that connects to the database, above that is the service and above that is HTTP requests. For now it's a fake model to test and mariaDB will be added later.
What's missing now is HTTP response code and HTTP basic authentication. Sung also started working on testing after he was done.

Martijn: improved the CI set-up so it now implements checkstyle. Outside of that he has mostly been reviewing and giving feedback on merge requests.
He also helped Sung with understanding the API.

Just: Created a basic authentication controller on client back-end  which forms a request to verify user authentication. Tested all controllers using a mock and did the checkstyle report.
Martijn asks about the interceptor. What it does is that for every request that you make it gives an authentication header.

## Points to be discussed
* Are we on schedule? What is the status of the client, server? Create clear picture of what has been done and still has to be done.
We're not on our own schedule but we are on schedule to for the deadlines. We mainly underestimated the testing and the problems we would have with it.
It won't be a problem as we're not behind deadlines but we shouldn't underestimate deadline requirements.
Martijn doesn't have time in the weekend and with the demo and running up against problems the goal is to have most of the things done by Friday.
So all merge requests ready to be merged and mostly need fixing and evaluating for the weekend.
for the demo we can have the server running locally, it's not ideal but that can be added after the demo if we really don't have time for it.


* Walk through open branches. What is being done on each of them?
The client only has one open branch which might be quite a general branch but it's fine and will be merged before the demo.
Minutes is open but will be added after the meeting.
Server HTTP controller. Same as activity API but it's for users.
Server HTTP request and server demo HTTP requests can be deleted as they were made in the beginning and are obsolete now.
Server demo database can also be deleted.
Doc api/spec won't be deleted cause it's useful for reference even though it won't be used.


* Server side testing.
we started but were having problems with beans. The unit tests are fine but the mock environments are producing problems.
Alp and Sung started on it and are making progress. Martijn stated that checking for dates on sources to help get tutorials that are up to date.
We're confident enough to get all testing done.


* Database implementation.
Getting it up and running. Martijn has installed mariaDB and had some dummy testing.
The server expects a working database so getting the database into the code won't be a problem, actually setting up the database is a work in progress.
Just proposes that the server side implements the configuration files the same way as the client side does.


* Deployment to server with Heroku.
It's good to look into it if we find time but is not a priority. It's useful as it would automatically deploy CI but will remain on low priority as of now.

* Authentication.
We're using basic HTTP authentication. It was intended to be done. A basic for authentication on client side has been done.
Alp has looked into server side authentication somewhat but there hasn't been worked on it. There also needs to be looked at registration.


* How to handle unknown data in API specs?
Using the same model for the activities that are pushed but the client doesn't know the id and score yet as that's done on server side.
The server should not trust activity ID and activity score. The activity table can be hardcoded into the client.
A documentation on the specification should be posted in the doc.


* Balance of client and server workload. Maybe redivide the load.
Client is mostly done but server already has a lot of people working on it. Just and Omar have time to help.
Just can look extras and work in between client and server and do non-required things and things that will be decided if we run into trouble.
Omar will continue on client side coding.


## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action
* Walk through scrum board to redefine and reassign tasks.
There has been done more than the scrum board says. client side implemented all controllers.
Another change is that we'll be linking tickets to commits.


* Clarify how the authentication works.
There will be a /auth endpoint that only states if credentials are valid. The credentials are passed of for every header request.
For every request there needs to be checked if the authentication is valid.


* Specify registration API. It can be manually done but automatically is better


* Combine user authentication with retrieving user ID on server side.


## Any other business
* Is everyone satisfied with what they are doing?
Most people are content with what they have been doing.
Jordy is having difficulty understanding the subject and is therefor having trouble with working on the project.

## Question round
Question to TA:
* Best practice on implementation of MVC pattern on the client?
* How to make user credentials available in every view?
* How to fix our Jacoco set-up which isn't working anymore?
* Do we need to upload the sprint plan?

## Closing
Andreas will chair next week and Omar will take minutes.
