# Meeting #5

## Opening
Andreas is chair and Omar is taking notes. Everyone is present.
## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
Everyone approves of minutes
## Approval of the agenda
Everyone approves of agenda
## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?

- Andreas: finished the screens for the demo. Connected feed to actual fxml and worked on client code
- Alp: worked on testing and almost finished all mock environment tests. Started and finished authorisation layer on server and has been tested as well. 
worked with server team to fix some classes, entites and api. touching up on some ends wth server team
- Jordy: set up table for activites in sql doc. Went on to testing and Sung ended up finishing it. Researched CO2 calculation for eating veggie meal.
- Omar: didn't have tasks to do as Andreas and Just already had it covered over the weekend.
- Sung: fixed the http response and tested it. 
- Martijn: wrote maraidb implementation for data access objects, but they still have to be tested. Changed interface for data access objects 
to make sure actvities associated to given username are used and no user gets another person's actvities. 
Help with some integration between client and server.
- Just: implemented config storage so you can store credentials for client. Connected fxml Andreas made for controller Omar and I wrote. 
Fixed issues with integration between client and server

## Points to be discussed
- How was the first sprint? Did anyone come across any issues? Improvements for this sprint?
    - Maritjn: want to improve how we use feature branches and merge requests so that we make them more often. 
    Also, we should not name merge requests same as branch name.
    - Just: we had a large client branch which is not ideal but was the only way work around for screen designs and code to work coherently. 
    Client team will try to branch better.
    - Alp: we should test more. It has been tough to test freuqently becuase we had a lot of coding to do. 
    Now we have some more understanding on how to test and can test more often.
    - Just: test coverage includes the views which should not be included but we will try to find a work around for that.
- CO2 calculation, what has been implemented so far?
    - Jordy: did research on multiplication factors and will continue to do research for reminaing activities.
    - Martijn: there is already implementation in a flexible way to add more
- Rubric review. Are we up to speed with the requirements.
    - We are up to speed so far, and meeting requirements and demo deadlines. 
    - Andreas: we should re-check scrum board and update it, if needed
    - Maritjn: I will add issues to scrum board "to-do" for adding more features like user stories and social feautre of the app.
    - Just: next week we should discuss implementing additional bonus features, if we would want to.
- Revisit older suggestions now that the developing is under way. (Gamification, Features we would like to add)
    - Andreas: next week we should discuss gamification and extra features.
- Server deployment with a proper database (Heroku?)
    - Andreas: talked about Heroku last week so we could have an actual cloud going and not have it local. 
    - Just: might look into it if he has free time this sprint.
- Test Coverage
    - Andreas: it has been brought up already. 
    We should test more as we add more features so we won't be rushing and have a huge load of code to test.
- Rundown of the progress by each team. Do we need to reassign people to tasks and / or more.
    - Server group: they're doing well
    - Just: will integrate more with server gorup and help more. He will still work with client.
    - Omar: will work more with client code as Just works more with server team.
    
## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action
- Update scrum backlog for the next sprint. Review current tasks
- Martijn will fix the test coverage screenshots of previous commit.

## Any other business
- Is everyone satisfied by the performance of the team? 
    - Everyone is satisfied with their team
    
## Question round

## Closing
*Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?*

Alp will be chair and Sung will take minutes