# Meeting #7

## Opening
Omar is chair and Just takes minutes.

## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?


- Andreas: Finished facelift of the UI. I still need to add a UI implementation for achievements. Finished animations and popups. Also, I added my individual feedback to the report. 
- Alp: Changed the api and controllers to fit specifications we discussed in last meeting. (Last week we discussed changing the server response to 200 OK with an empty array if no activities are found instead of 404 Not Found) Also I started working on the presentation and I added my individual feedback to the report.
- Jordy: Did research on score calculations for the last two activities. Both were implemented and tested. Also, implemented achievement controller but tests still need fine tuning which makes it work in progress. Besides that, increased test coverage for newly added methods from last week that were not tested yet.
- Omar: Did the individual feedback and process chapter for the report.
- Sung: Did the individual feedback for the report.
- Martijn: Did first and last chapter of the report. Setup division of tasks for the report. Spend time on getting password hashing on Windows but no progress yet. Also completed the weekly tasks.
- Just: Helped Jordy out with the achievement controller. I did the individual feedback for the report and started working on the presentation with Alp.




## Points to be discussed
- Points of action of last week 
    Martijn not able to do screenshots of previous weeks. Asks Mees whether it is really necessary since it is only one report. He suggests trying again on different commits.

- Read through the rubric
    Issue for greatreadme is created and assigned to Omar.

- To be added features 
    Only achievements require a UI implementation and the business logic related to achievements needs to be tested better.

- Feedback report 
    Mees found some spelling errors but besides that it seems fine.

- Feedback presentation 
    Focus more on product description to a potential technical competent customer.
    Focus less on the process but reflect on how it had an impact on the product.

- How/When will the code be handed in?
    Make a tag on git

- Password hashing on Windows required?
    Preferably different algorithm but as long as we have a working demo when presenting it should be fine.

- Mees on rubric: Code Reviews/PR
    Provide me with a relatively larger PR that follows best practices.

## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action
* Martijn will look at commits around missing Jacoco coverage report for committing a screenshot retroactively.
* Omar will do the greatreadme
* Alp and Just will prepare the presentation
* Jordy will fix testing the achievements and he will be responsible for code coverage.
* Andreas will add achievements UI.

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing