# Minutes of meeting 1
The opening meeting on 2019-02-14.

Alp is the chair, Martijn takes minutes.

## Opening
Everyone except for Jordy is present.

## Approval of the agenda

## Introduction
We agree that the chair and secretary for the next meeting will be decided upon at the
end of the last meeting. The chair will be responsible for pushing an agenda to the
git repository before the lab starts.

## Personal goals

Mees (TA): What does everyone want to achieve?
Alp: I want to go for a 8 to 10
Sung: I want to go for a seven.
Omar: I want to go for a nine.
Just: I want to go for a nine.
Martijn: I aim for an eight or nine.
Andreas: Also want to aim for a nine.

Everyone seems to agree that they want to improve their teamwork skills.

Just: What are we expected to talk about next meeting?
Mees (TA): Talk and brainstorm about the product, you won't need to start programming
directly.
Just: Are you expecting a design?
Mees (TA): You need to create an idea of what you want to make.

_The TA leaves for his next group, Alp takes over as chair of the meeting._

## Brainstorm
Just: I think we should start with the base features of the rubric and then see if we want
some more.
Alp: We probably want extra features anyway.
Martijn: Let's first brainstorm about what we want and how.

Martijn: Let's distinguish from what kind of features there are: there are activities,
achievements (gamification).

Types of features:
- activities, things that the user reports
    - positive activities
    - negative activities
    - Divide the activities up in the categories: food, transportation and energy (and maybe more)
- gamification
    - achievements
        - badges
    - comparisons with others
        - We could make scoreboards, and maybe scoreboards per categories
        - progress graph
    - streaks
- user authentication
    - database

Requirements
- security

Just: Maybe for the next meeting do research on how to implement it?
Martijn: No, we first need to design the structure and architecture of the whole application,
only then can we talk about the implementation.

Alp: When should we talk about the more creative parts?
Martijn: I think once we have a more concrete idea of how everything wil look.
Just: Yeah this will be our foundation.

## Points of action
- Everyone evaluates the feature brainstorm.
- Everyone will write their personal development plans.
- Everyone sets up their development environment.

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
In the next meeting, we will brainstorm application architecture. Just will take minutes
next meeting, Omar wil chair next meeting on Monday.
