# Meeting #7

## Opening
Jordy is chair and Martijn is taking minutes.

## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?

- Andreas: Finished social view part, started polishing a lot. Made a small intro animation.
    Implemented the new activities on the client.
- Alp: There wasn't much left to test. Reviewed most of the code. Had to slow down a little.
    Helped Sung with the achievements.
- Jordy: Focussing on test coverage for the client.
- Omar: Implemented some Score functionality, and some level controllers, so the achievements.
- Sung: I implemented the achievements server side. Updated the ScoreCalculator. Implemented
    updating the user total_score attribute.
- Martijn: Implemented password hashing, started working on the report. Weekly tasks.
- Just: Wrote a proposal for the achievements implementation. Helped Jordy a lot. Worked
    with Andreas on the scoreboard.

## Points to be discussed
- Reflection on last week's points of action; anything to add or comment on? 

- Did everyone look through the rubric? 
    Moved to next week.
- Did everyone look at the announcement/report

- Questions for feedback session this week?

- How far are we on testing?
    Nearly done! For the 95% test coverage, client and server need to have 95% branch coverage.

- Goals for next week?
    - Draft report handed in by Thursday
    - Presentation
    - Clean up the code
    - Fixes and tests
    - More activities
    - Achievements
        - Doing an activity x times for example
        - Doing x activities
        - No extra score for an achievement

- Cleaning up the backlog?
    Has been done

- Discussing final report?

- Discussing presentation?
    Alp and Just will do the presentation.
    Remark: You talk to a consumer, not to a technical crowd.

## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action
* Martijn: Fix test coverage screenshot for the missing weeks when checkstyle/jacoco wasn’t working
* Read through the rubric.
* Fix the jacoco view exclusion in the report

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
Omar wil chair and Just will take minutes.
