# Meeting #7

## Opening
Jordy is chair and Martijn is taking minutes.
## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?

- Andreas:
- Alp:
- Jordy:
- Omar:
- Sung:
- Martijn:
- Just:

## Points to be discussed
- Reflection on last week's points of action; anything to add or comment on? 
- Did everyone look through the rubric? 
- Did everyone look at the announcement/report
- Questions for feedback session this week?
- How far are we on testing?
- Goals for next week?
- Cleaning up the backlog?
- Discussing final report?
- Discussing presentation?


## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
*Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?*
