# Minutes of meeting 3

The opening meeting on 2019-02-25.

Sung is the chair, Andreas takes minutes.


## Opening

Everyone is present.
We start the meeting by asking the TA some questions we prepared beforehand.
We are planning our next sprint. Goal is to implement the "eating a vegeterian meal" feature by the end of the sprint.
 
## Discussion
Sung suggests that we should start using the SCRUM board. Should we add on the backlog actions we already completed?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Just and Martijn broad up the issues on GitLab. TA says it is not needed.

Pull based development. What should we do about that?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - TA explains that we can use merge requests, and the rest of the team members can approve the merging. We agree to continue using pull based development.

Should we implement only one feature during this sprint?
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Martijn suggests that we should take our time to implement a feature.

Discussion on API usage:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Martijn asks about the CO2 calculation. The TA explains that we do need to use an API for the calculation or do it locally. TA also adds that the user should be able to see the CO2 saving too regardless if we use a score system or not.

What counts as a feature branch:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Alp asks about the way we should use branches for features. TA says we should be using feature branches for most of our implementaions. There should be only one feature per branch. Just asks about wrong commits and mistakes. TA answers that we should take care of that through the pull request and comments.

Using the pipeline and the CI:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Martijn asks why the pipeline was not updating with our recent commits. TA says that there is a setting on Git we should use if we want to continue using the pipeline. Just and Alp ask about using the latest version of Java. TA explains that if it's possible to use Maven dependencies (suggested by Martijn) use those for JavaFx. TA will ask if it's still possible to use older versions of java.

Discussion on using activities in paths:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -TA suggests to use a parameter (id=....) because it's more flexible. Although the choice should be determined within our team.

Discussion on release tags:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Just suggests we can make a release tag every Monday before the meeting. TA says we shouldn't really stress that much and focus on deadlines.

Deciding on which DBMS to use:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Through Jordys' research we decided that MariaDB and Postgre have no real diffrences so we can use either. Alp suggests we should make a scheme already.

Continue using CI:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Just says we should start using CI and Martijn adds an issue on GitLab and assigns Just to it.

On testing the server:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Alp found documentation for Server testing and Mockito.

On testing the UI:
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Just Alp and Martijn ask about how we should approach the UI testing. TA explains that we do have to test the models and the controllers but not the views.


## Points of action
- Plan our sprint and organise the SCRUM board.
- Add more points to the board backlog later throughout the sprint.
- Divide the issues on the board throughout the team.
- Upload the screenshots of our reports every Monday to the repository.

We all agree that the team division on 2 groups is still working out. We will continue working in these groups.
The demo worked and the TA approved it.


## Closing
Next week Martijn is chair. Alp will take minutes. 
