# Meeting #6

##Opening
Sefik is chair and Sung is taking notes. Omar is late.

##Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
Done 

##Approval of the agenda
Done

##What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?
* Andreas
    * Finish scoreboard view (basic view). Started working on friends UI (addition, deletion…). Polishing exiting UI and adding vegetarian meal.
* Alp
    * Test coverage (95%). started working on score endpoint. Surpass number 1 contributor
* Jordy
    * Research for the activities (CO2 emission saved). Lowering house temperature (put up discussion and it needs to be decided on). Riding a bike was done too.
* Omar
    * Score model and score controller. /Register for the auth controller. Worked on error messages and error handler. And then tested all of them.
* Sung
    * Implemented Register endpoint, tested them and DAO implementation for it
* Martijn
    * Mostly discussed and reviewed merge requests. Did weekly tasks, and fix check style. Added documentation for database scheme.
* Just
    * Implemented social endpoint and tested it. Also implemented score endpoint (however needs improvement: only getting friend’s scores not all the other). Help Omar out in the client.


##Points to be discussed
* Reflection on last week's points of action; anything to add or comment on?
    * Updating scrum board was done
* Were the changes to the scrum backlog satisfactory? Is any further action needed on top of last week's?
    * There were a lot of ‘Testing’ to moved to done, but this was done today.
* (Client) testing
    * needs to be improved (in terms of test coverage)
    * not passing the jacoco tests
* Activity score calculation methods (?)
    * Are they done?
        * Yes, done for the three for demo.
        * Needs more discussion on lowering house temperature
    * Then they need to be implemented
* How is progress towards the next deadline?
    * We think we are on track
    * Except for minor issues, we are done.
* Pull based development progress; branch review, branch creation...
    * So the client for the last review, had only one branch. has it been adjusted since then.
        * Yes, now they had different branches for different features

##Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays) : Done
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays) : Done
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays) : Done
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays) : Done
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays) : Done


##Points of action
* Martijn: Fix test coverage screenshot for the missing weeks when check style wasn’t working
* Martijn: make CI jacoco fail on master if test coverage is too low
* Everyone at some point this week look through the rubric.
* Look at the announcement/report

##Any other business
* Everyone at some point this week should look through it.
* This week has been worked very well

##Question round


##Closing
Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?
Jordy will be chair and Martijn will take minutes.
