# Meeting #8

## Opening
Omar is chair and Just is taking minutes.
## Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting

## Approval of the agenda

## What has everyone been working on last week? How did it go?

- Andreas:
- Alp:
- Jordy:
- Omar:
- Sung:
- Martijn:
- Just:

## Points to be discussed
- Were all the previous points of action carried out?
- Any additional features yet to be implemented?
- How are the final report and presentation going?
- Feedback from the TA on the draft report
- Ask TA how and when exactly the code will be handed in


## Weekly tasks
* A release with a tag on GitLab (Mondays)
* A sprint plan pushed to git (Mondays)
* A sprint review pushed to git (Mondays)
* A Checkstyle report screenshot pushed to git (Sundays)
* A test coverage screenshot is pushed to git (Sundays)

## Points of action

## Any other business

## Question round

## Closing
*Who will chair and who will take notes the next meeting?*

